Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(ominous electronic music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(ominous electronic
music continues)
(ominous electronic music fades)
- He's doin' it again. Mom.
- (scoffs) Jonah. Jonah!
Put it away. sweetheart.
- Nobody can see it.
- That's not the point.
Just put it in the
clip where it belongs.
and stop fidgeting.
We're almost there.
And you. phone!
God. please tell me
you don't act like this
when I'm not around.
- Oh. don't worry. I keep
these backseat bitches in line.
- You know all about being
a backseat bitch. don't you?
- (scoffs) Fuck you.
- Language. Becca.
guys. knock it off!
It was a mistake
bringing all of you.
I wish I just brought
Eddie or Duke instead.
- Oh. no. we'll lock
it up. Mom. okay?
Sorry.
- [Isa] He's still
listenin' to something.
- That's how he preps.
Let him listen to it.
it's not bothering you.
- What did I just say?
Take them out. Cain.
(Cain sighing)
- So how many we expectin'?
- [Isa] You really don't
listen to me. do you?
- I just did. didn't I?
- 10. maybe more. that's
why I want us all there.
- You should've brought
the M60 for this. Mom.
Mow all the motherfuckers down.
- Yeah. is that right?
You gonna carry that
all by yourself?
- If I couldn't. who
could. right. Cain?
- Get your fucking
hands off me. dickhole.
- That's it. get out!
You're driving me crazy
today. you know that. right?
- [Becca] What about the job?
They already paid half up front.
- What the hell do I care?
I'll give the money back.
Because what I'm
looking at right now.
are my three kids who'd
rather act like idiots.
instead of trained
professionals.
- One of them isn't acting.
- I'm sorry. okay?
- Yeah. I'm sorry.
- I'm not.
I'm just wonderin'. are these
guys gonna be armed. yeah?
I mean. they're probably gonna
have a stash of some sort?
- We went over this
at the house. yes.
- All right. then.
Won't you give Jonah the
M4. Becca can have the MP5.
Ma. you rock what you rock.
and we just sweep the
motherfuckers dry.
How's that for being
focused. ladies?
- Let's light 'em up.
I can fuck with that.
(vehicle approaching)
(vehicle stopping)
- Okay. we're here.
Roddy's gonna pick up
the car and torch it.
and Zane's gonna meet us
down on 6th. questions?
- How do we know which
car he's gonna be in?
- (chuckles) You'll
know it's Zane.
Okay. pop the trunk and suit up.
I'm gonna do a
last minute casing.
And kids. shit
acting is not family.
(tense instrumental music)
(tense instrumental
music continues)
- Are we doing
this or what. lady?
- She never
disappoints. does she?
- [Jonah] Fuck that
M60. you feel me?
- She knows how to pack
it in. I'll give her that.
- What was all that
directing bullshit
you were saying to Mom?
Trying to win some brownie
points or something?
- Just trying to
help you two out.
guide you two along.
- You knew what I like.
I ain't complainin'.
- You might what
trigger-happy boy wants to do.
Grab your little
piece. and let's go.
- Ho ass bitch.
(tense instrumental
music continues)
(footsteps creeping)
(footsteps continue creeping)
(intense electronic music)
(intense electronic
music continues)
- Come on. we late.
we late. let's go.
let's go. ladies.
Hurry that shit up. we
got a drop tommorow.
(intense electronic
music continues)
Bro. we got four.
Let's go. let's go. let's
go. come on now. we gotta go!
Bro. what you doin'. man?
We gotta go.
Let's go. let's go.
(people shouting)
(gun firing)
(intense electronic music)
(intense electronic
music continues)
(intense electronic music fades)
(Caine farting)
(guns rustling)
- Let's go.
(intense electronic music)
(guns firing)
(people yelling)
- [Thug] Shoot
that motherfucker!
(guns continue firing)
(man yelling)
(intense electronic
music continues)
- Come on. bitch.
- [Thug] Come on!
(intense electronic
music continues)
(man yelling)
(intense electronic
music continues)
- Come on.
- Shit.
- [Thug] Let's get out of here.
How much time we got?
(people faintly yelling)
(vent humming)
(vent continues humming)
(footsteps tapping)
- My kids are gonna kill you.
- Shut up!
- Shut the fuck up.
- Shut up. bitch.
- Drop your weapon.
- Drop the fucking gun. now.
- Drop the fucking guns!
- Drop your weapons. I'll
drop you right fucking now!
- Mom!
- Drop your weapons.
(everyone chattering)
- Shoot him!
Just shoot him!
- You. got three
seconds. three. two...
- My kids are gonna kill you.
- Shut up. bitch!
- Nobody calls Ma
a bitch but me.
- Cain. oh. Cain.
I don't know what happened.
- You okay?
- Let's get her to the car.
- Let's go.
- Grab it. grab it. grab it.
- I got it.
- [Jonah] Grab your gun.
Come on. let's go. let's go.
- Hurry.
- What the hell happened?
- Let's go.
- I don't know.
- Where is he?
Get the door. get the door!
- Get the pass.
- [Zane] What the fuck happened?
- [Cane] We don't know.
(intense electronic music)
- What the fuck happened?
- We don't know!
- She just collapsed.
nobody got hit.
It was going fine in there-
- It's not fine!
If this genius just showed
up when he was supposed to.
- [Cain] Again. bitch.
- Shut up. the both of you!
- We gotta take
her to a hospital!
This has never happened to her.
- What. are you out
of your fuckin' mind?
- Have you noticed anything
over the past few days?
You're the one spending all
the fucking time with her.
- What the fuck does that mean?
- I think you know exactly
what it means. cougar hunter.
- Fucking little shit!
- Get off me.
- Watch the road!
- All three of you little shits.
you treat your mom
like she's some kinda
personal cash vendor.
- We earn our fuckin' keep.
Why the fuck are you
still hangin' around?
Oh. it better be fucking loaded.
Don't fucking try me.
Zane. I don't need a reason
to pull this fuckin' trigger.
- I'm gonna remember this.
- I hope you do.
- Please stop fighting.
- [Zane] What do
you want me to do?
- Zane. Jesus. take us home.
- You got it.
(Isa crying)
(object shuffling)
(Becca sighing)
(no audio)
(clothes rustling)
(Becca slurping)
(Caine sighing)
- Get any sleep?
(Becca sighing)
I guess that makes two of us.
- Did you come in
to see her at all?
You that much of
a selfish prick?
- Not that you'd believe me.
but I don't like
seeing Mom like that.
I don't think I've ever
seen her like that.
it fucked with me.
- Yeah. I haven't either.
- When was the last time
she even had a cold?
Nothing could knock
her out like that.
That's what I don't get.
- Yeah. I was thinking
the same thing.
It doesn't make any sense.
- It's just not her.
She's done sweeps 10
times more intense
than that and still made it home
in time to cook our
ungrateful asses dinner.
You remember that?
- Jonah's practically been
by her side all night.
He's always been a mama's boy.
- Yeah. he's a good
kid. means well.
Not like assholes like us.
What about lover boy?
- Oh. don't call him that.
- He's such a rat fuck.
- He only comes around when
it's sexually expedient.
- Or financially.
- What?
- Nothing.
- Thought you really wanted
to do him in when
he was driving.
- I did. you have no idea.
- She's awake. and wants
to talk to all of us.
- Let's go. that's good news.
- No. She said all of us.
- [Becca] I'll
call Zane as well.
- Just tell him to
hurry his ass up.
(ominous instrumental music)
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
- I can't explain this.
It's not a heart
attack. not a stroke.
I think we just gotta wait for
the blood results to come back.
In the meantime. get some rest.
And then hit me up
if you need anything.
- You're a rockstar. Kenny.
you always have been.
- I've never seen anything
drop you like this before.
and I'm gonna work my
ass off to figure out
what it is.
- Kenny. really. I could
get out of bed right now.
I feel so much better.
- Stop. I'm going to figure it
out so you can kick its ass.
and then get back up. all right?
- Yeah.
- Take of yourself. all right?
- Thanks.
- All right.
- I can't believe he
didn't find anything.
- Regardless of what
Kenny finds out is wrong.
I wanted you all here
because you're what's
most important to me.
I really thought I could
go on a few more years.
but what happened. has
me rethinking everything.
- Mom. it wasn't
even that serious-
- Just let me finish.
- Shut up.
- I think it was
a sign. I'm out.
- What do you mean you're out?
You're gonna kick this and
you're gonna bounce back.
You can't make a decision
like that after one day.
- It hasn't been just one day.
I've been talking
to Zane about this.
- You had something
to do with this?
- Cain. stop it.
- Yeah. listen to your
little bro. and chill out.
- Don't take this out on Zane.
This was my decision.
He was just someone
I could talk to.
and bounce ideas off of.
'Cause God knows none of you
have been around
here much lately.
- Mom. we can't
do it without you.
You organize
literally everything.
- Yeah. well. you know.
I'm more than willing
to take the load off
while she gets better.
- No. the fuck you will.
- What did you say?
- You seem to have
a hearing problem. why don't
I correct your ass. don't ya?
- Okay. both of you just stop.
This is how it's gonna go.
I'm not picking you.
Cain. or any of you.
I'm freezing everything.
Clients owed are gonna
get their money back.
and they'll have
to go elsewhere.
And no hits are gonna be put in.
And that bible stays
right next to me.
- Honey. we stop now
we lose everything.
- Well. maybe we
should lose everything.
I know you all have enough
10 times over to get by.
For some of you. it's just
recreational at this point.
And judging from what
happened yesterday.
you all screwed up in my book.
- What are you talking about?
- Don't even pretend to act like
you don't know what happened.
You showing up late
almost got us all killed.
- Ma. I-
- Oh. don't Ma me!
I built this business up myself.
You think your father helped?
The man was weak.
You know the story.
- You're right.
Whatever you wanna
do. I'm okay with it.
- Thank you.
- Me too. Mom.
- Thanks. Cain?
- And where the hell
did you go last night?
- What?
- Becca said you left?
- 'Cause you did.
- I left to go outside with
my gun and stand guard.
- You're a lying piece of shit.
- I don't know who to believe.
- Listen. listen. we
should talk about this.
one-on-one. okay?
Maybe you need to settle down.
so you can think clearly.
- Okay. my mind is clear.
This is how it's gonna
go. until I say different.
- You hear that. lover boy?
Looks like we won't be
seeing you around as often
as you'd like.
- Cain. could you stop?
- Don't worry about it.
Let your big bro
process his feelings.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe we all just need to
take a break. calm down.
and we can figure everything
out when we're clear.
- Zane. I just need
you and everyone else
to just cool it for awhile.
No picking up side jobs
related to this either.
We just have to go radio
silent and off the map.
But after that. I am
gonna pick who leads.
I promise. if it makes
you feel any better.
they're in this room.
we all know that.
- They? Cause I'm a he.
(both moaning)
Feel better. baby.
- Zane. Zane.
- Hm?
- I'd love to. but I
can't. I've gotta get home.
(door creaking)
- Mom. what the fuck was that?
- Stop pushing him away.
You can't treat him like that.
He's gone now. probably
because of you guys-
- He's a piece of shit snake.
- Okay. don't
start that with me.
Our problem is because of you.
So just stay out of my business.
(Zane huffing)
(hand pounding)
(gun cocking)
(feet pattering)
- I think she'll be
quick with the next move.
She doesn't sandbag anything.
- Looks like I'm gonna be
seeing a lot more of you guys.
It's always great
catching up. Jonah.
Becca. good seeing you.
- Thanks.
- Now the strong. silent type.
Any parting words for me?
'Cause I'm all ears.
- Whatever you
were thinking. no.
You were never
really good at it.
Things didn't work out
between you and my mom. boo.
You need to walk away.
- [Becca] Cain. I
think he gets it.
- No. it's okay. I like to
hear you speak your mind.
Reminds me that
he still has one.
Besides. maybe you're right.
Maybe I didn't think this whole
thing all the way through.
But that's the fun
sometimes. isn't it?
- Know this. I don't
care what my mom says.
I don't wanna see your
ass around here anymore.
- You ain't just gonna see my
ass. you'll see my balls too.
- Don't be surprised when I
shove it right back up your ass.
- As long as you show
up on time. big boy.
- Somebody's gotta be here
to take out the trash.
- Take it easy. kid.
You kiss your mom
with that mouth?
- I guess you know
what it tastes like.
- I don't like him either.
but those stupid threats
aren't gonna phase him.
He's gonna do whatever he wants.
- Yeah. would you cool
it the fuck off. man.
Both of you shit on
him way too much.
He cares about her
like we all do.
- You're really that
dumb. aren't you?
You two have fun.
- Don't listen to him.
- We gotta watch those two.
I'm telling you. for Mom's sake.
- Cain respects Mom.
And Zane. he's not gonna
try anything after all that.
- I hope you're right.
(feet pattering)
(car beeping)
- We have a problem.
- With Isa?
- That bitch Cain?
- With everyone.
(calm electronic music)
(calm electronic
music continues)
- [Mickey] Whoo-wee!
Girl. you look like
that J. Johansson.
from the "Justice
League." the Widow.
Come here. spin me in your web.
Yo. what is happening. man?
How you doing?
- It's been awhile.
Mickey. what's going on?
- You know. killing
motherfuckers
for a living every single day.
Hey. look. he's back here.
but can I get you anything?
You know we got everything.
- Nah. I'm good for now. man.
- All right.
Oh. I see you're
taking it all in.
Yeah. Zane's been redecorating.
Upgrading. if you will.
Murder money. baby.
- Hey. look who
decided to show up.
Where you been.
you goofy bastard?
- Been busy taking
care of my mom.
You guys should know that.
- Yeah. look man. we're
sorry to hear about that.
Your mom. though.
she's a tough broad.
- Real tough. like bullets
bouncing off her tough.
- Pew-Pew.
- Then why haven't you
stopped by to see her?
She got Zane in on this
and then you guys followed.
You owe her everything.
- Owe her?
Look here. little man.
I'll fucking kill you.
know where you're at.
You come around here
again acting crazy.
I'll fucking kill you.
- Oh. oh. ain't a job.
ain't a job. okay?
Chill. Look. we're family. okay?
You hurt. we hurt.
We're here to have a good time.
Let's have a good time.
- Look. Mickey. any other time.
you know I wouldn't
be like this.
But Zane called me over to talk.
and I just wanna talk to him.
My mind's on other
shit right now.
Show me where he's at.
- All right. all
right. follow me.
Yeah. man. don't
worry about Franklin.
His big. Dwayne
Johnson looking ass
just mad he ain't getting
no coochie tonight.
- [Jonah] Looks like
he's doing just fine.
- Yeah. right until I
come scoop the bitch up.
- Jonah. Jonah. Jonah.
There you are.
You've been avoiding us.
- What are you talking about?
- Yeah. why haven't
you been doing jobs
with us anymore. huh?
You problem?
- Everyone knows you're the
best straight shooter around.
- Thanks. Jonah.
Looks like you won't be
needing this anymore.
- Give me the fucking gun.
- Ooh. sexy.
- And it's heavy.
(girls laughing)
- Yeah. this might
do some damage.
- Don't be so nervous. handsome.
- That's the smartest
thing you've ever done.
- Yeah. just relax.
- We don't bite.
- Unless you want us to.
(girls laughing)
- Ladies. ladies.
let the man see Zane.
(faint instrumental music)
- If you were as good with a gun
as you are with that little toy.
maybe my mom could
have used you.
- [Johnny] Oh. she did. you
should ask her about it.
- Yo. chill.
- You should fuck
off and walk away.
- She loved my yo-yo.
- Oh. my God.
- She showed me some
of her tricks too.
- I'll show you
some fucking tricks.
You're fucking lucky
you piece of shit!
- [Franklin] You stay here.
- I'll take him back.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Come on. man.
(Zane snorting)
- Oh. Jonah. hey!
Thanks for coming.
- You wanted to talk to me?
- Talk? (laughs)
Hey. why didn't you
offer him something?
What do you want. kid?
We got everything.
- He said he didn't
want nothing.
- (laughs) What. are you
turning me down already?
That's not like you.
- Maybe I'm not in
a celebrating mood.
unlike you assholes.
You forget about what
happened to my mom?
You're acting like
it's business as usual.
I didn't come here to party.
So spit it the fuck
out what you want.
- Whoo.
- Looks like somebody
finally grew a pair of balls.
- And they dropped
today. God damn.
- Hey. Jonah. did I introduce
you to my little baby sister.
here. Sonya?
- We've met.
How are you. sweetheart?
- Yeah. we've met.
- Please give your
mom my regards.
We never really hung out
too much. but Zane raves
about her.
- Does he?
Sure has a funny
way of showing it.
- Come on now. we only
got room for one prick
in this family.
- You mean you?
- (laughs) I told you.
he's good. isn't he?
No. I meant that fuck nuts
brother of yours. Cain.
Besides. we're not family yet.
Speaking of which.
why don't you give me
and little fast-talker
over here some privacy?
We'll have a little chat.
Hey. see this?
I don't like drinking alone.
so don't make me drink alone.
- Fuck it. I'm already here.
- (laughs) And he's back.
ladies and gentlemen.
just like that.
I was getting so worried there
you were getting soft on me.
- What do you expect. man?
- (laughs) I'm just kidding!
- You haven't visited my mom.
ever since she put
everything on hold.
- Hm.
- My brother and sister
are barely talking to me.
I feel like I'm the
only one trying to
make peace with everybody.
- Why do you think
I called you here?
- Who the fuck knows?
You tell me.
- Well. the fact is you are
one trustworthy motherfucker.
(glass tapping)
you always have been.
- Yeah. and it cost
me being alienated
from the rest of my family.
- That's not really
your fault. exactly.
Granted. those shit head
siblings of yours really do
not appreciate you.
but your mother?
She cares about you
more than anything.
She knows you've been
there for her every beat.
Shit. since she's been sick
you've been spending more
time with her than I have.
You're making me look like
a bad boyfriend over here!
- What do you want from me?
- What do I want?
I want you.
You're mother trusts
you more than anybody.
If you pin me to
be next in line.
I'm gonna make sure
you're appreciated.
- So all this shit
was a fucking pitch?
What the fuck do you think I am?
My mom said she'd
make a decision.
- And she chooses those two
shit head siblings of yours.
what does that say about you?
You think they give
a fuck about you?
All they wanna do is scold you.
tell you what to do. (whines).
And me?
When I'm the fucking
boss. no strings attached.
you get anything you want.
Teamwork.
Quid pro quo. (speaks
in foreign language)?
- I don't know. man.
That's family we're
talking about.
- Yeah. you're right.
'Cause family is a
very special thing.
it's a very fragile thing.
You know why?
'Cause it always changes.
it's not always about blood.
it's about protection. it's
about trust. you feel me?
- I have to think about this.
- Okay. okay. wait. wait. wait.
You think. think very
hard. long and hard.
But before you do that. there's
something I want us to do.
(ominous instrumental music)
Take a little ride.
(laughs) You're gonna
love this. I promise.
- You still haven't told
me where we're going.
- Don't get all
serious on me now.
Come on. it'll be a
quickie. it's gonna be fun.
- You could at least
tell me what we're doing.
- Look in the glove box.
- Open up the glove box.
- Why?
- It's not gonna bite you.
just fucking open it up.
- What. the gun?
- Yeah. how does
it make you feel?
- I have enough already.
- Yeah. well you know a
gun is kinda like a cock.
You don't take it out
unless you're gonna use it.
- What do you want me to do?
You know my mom
froze everything.
We're not allowed to do
shit until she tells us to.
- It has nothing to do with
that. it's its own thing.
Only side gig.
there's no conflict.
- Come on. man don't
be such a pussy.
You can grab the gun.
You're gonna have to
use it pretty soon.
Fine. you know what then?
You don't wanna grab the gun.
just grab under the seat.
- Seriously?
- Yeah. just grab under the
seat. I'm not fucking with you.
- What the fuck is this?
Cut the bullshit. what
are you trying to do?
- It's 10K.
It's half of what I'm
getting for this job.
and it's all going to
you right fucking now.
That's what I'm talking about.
- What do I have to do?
You know what. don't
even answer that.
Just pull over and
I'll take an Uber back.
Nobody gives anyone
a half gig's pay
for not even setting
it up or anything.
That's not how it works.
- It does with us.
Don't you get it?
It's no more of this
backseat bullshit.
This is teamwork I'm
talking about here.
Come on.
You take a gig. you
get paid for that gig.
you get your fair share.
That's what I'm talking about.
You know what?
Fuck it. I'll fucking
do the job myself. okay?
Just be ready to rock
and roll when I come out.
Take that money and
stuff it in your
pants right now for
all I fucking care.
It's like I said. we're
in this all or nothing.
You know what I want.
- Now I know you're
fucking with me.
- Well. maybe next time.
you'll actually wanna go
inside. and get some action.
Maybe next time.
I'll get you an M60
like you've been dreaming about.
Get some high end gigs.
Just get in the driver's seat.
Be ready to rock and
roll. okay. okay?
- [Jonah] I know. man.
- [Zane] Keep the engine warm.
(intense electronic music)
(intense electronic
music continues)
- Come on. motherfucker.
- [Zane] Did anybody
order a pizza?
(intense electronic
music continues)
(gun firing)
(Zane cheering)
(Zane laughing)
- Whoo!
- Go. go. go. go. go. go!
(laughs) Whoo!
See what we fucking did?
We did that. yeah.
- You gonna tell me where
the fuck to go or what?
- Keep going straight.
keep going straight.
Wait. no. no. no.
Slow down. slow down. slow down.
You don't wanna make
too much attention.
You've done this before. right?
All right. make a left.
- [Jonah] How many you take out?
- Enough. (laughs)
You should've seen the looks
on their fucking faces.
- I don't get all this.
Who paid you to do this?
- It's my own side
thing. all right?
It has nothing to
do with your mom.
Don't worry about it.
This is between us.
That's okay. isn't it?
- I still don't get this.
If you're getting
all these jobs.
why does it even fucking matter
that you have my mom's business?
- Do you like how much
money you just made?
Fuck this. smell this?
I love the smell of that.
You like that?
- Yeah. it's a shitload.
- Do you know who
won't give you this?
Your fucking brother
and your sister.
It's like I always say. family
is not just about blood.
(Zane laughing)
(Zane sniffing)
Just go straight
and do another left.
Whoo!
You love this. don't you?
This is what I fucking live for!
(cars whooshing)
(cars continue whooshing)
(guns rustling)
(crickets chirping)
(car approaching)
(car stopping)
(buckle rustling)
(Jonah breathing)
(bag rustling)
(money rustling)
- Fuck.
(Jonah breathing)
(crickets chirping)
- What the fuck are you doing?
- What the hell are you doing
all night with Zane. huh?
Let me guess. partying it up?
Getting all coked up. you
plotting fucking snake?
- You don't know what the
fuck you're talking about.
- Then enlighten me.
'cause I can think of
only two fucking reasons
why you're out with Zane.
- What?
- You're getting coked up.
or he's trying to
recruit your ass.
- Get a fucking life.
What I do shouldn't concern you.
- It does when it concerns Mom.
- What are you
even talking about?
- Stop playing stupid. Jonah.
You know Zane wants it all.
and he's probably playing
your ass to get it.
- Just fuck off and
go home. we're done.
- Don't turn your back
on me. I'm not done.
(men grunting)
(Jonah gasping)
- [Jonah] Give it to me.
- What do we have here?
A little payday
for a job tonight?
You're a fucking snake.
- Hand it the fuck over.
- You gonna shoot me. Jonah?
Well then do it. boo.
Pull the trigger.
Jonah. do it.
(whistles)
Nobody home.
Pull the trigger. Jonah!
That's why you'll never
leave this family.
Enjoy your money. snake.
- Don't fucking come back.
asshole.
Piece of shit.
(ominous instrumental music)
(bottle rustling)
(feet pattering)
(no audio)
(bottle clanking)
(ominous instrumental music)
(punches thudding)
(glass breaking)
- Listen up. motherfucker.
I'm gonna keep this real simple.
We see you around Jonah again.
we are going to kill you.
We don't care what it's for.
He doesn't want you around.
He doesn't need around.
We're his family now.
- You hear that. motherfucker?
- Are we clear?
- It might be more helpful
if you guys play a game
of charades for me.
Okay.
Which one of you pussies
is holding my hair?
I've had bitches pull
harder than that.
- You motherfucking bitch!
Do you hear him talking?
- Are we clear?
- There's only one thing
I'm not clear about.
I just wanna know
who's gonna be sucking
who's dick when
you're done with me.
(punch thudding)
(object slapping)
(object thudding)
- I'm just trying to teach
you a useful skill. Rebecca.
(ominous instrumental music)
Do it again.
Just think of someone you hate.
I like to think of your father.
- What are you thinking
about. Mom. honestly?
We're all splintered.
Cain's M.I.A.
Your boy is nowhere.
Even Jonah's quiet.
Why do you think that is?
- I have no idea.
Why don't you tell me?
- You know what I always
admired about you?
How smart you are.
How you always know
what job to give
the right person and everything.
I'm telling yo. Zane's
giving you tunnel vision.
- Excuse me?
- I can't believe
how blind you are.
You don't even see
what's happening.
- Obviously not. so go
for it. enlighten me.
- We all want to take over
for different reasons.
but Zane is the only one
you cannot give it to.
I know you care about
him. but he's not family.
And he has other motives.
- Is that so. and what are they?
- You know. I don't even
care who gets it between us.
But not Zane. mom.
fuck. not Zane.
Jonah. at least he's loyal.
- So. Jonah you trust right?
- I think I'd say that. yeah.
- Read it.
- What is this?
- Just read it.
- When did he send this?
- [Isa] Just scroll
up. Becca. last night.
- What are you gonna do?
- Jonah's out. he wants Zane.
Seems pretty straightforward.
- Zane's fucking with his head.
He got to him.
He doesn't want this.
- Well. one minute
he's trustworthy.
And the next. you
don't believe him.
Which is it. sweetheart?
- What about me or Cain even?
- What about you?
- [Becca] Don't we get a say?
- How often did you visit
me when I was recovering?
Wanna take a guess?
And how often was Jonah there?
- What about Zane. was
he a frequent visitor?
I don't wanna play
that bullshit game.
- Okay. that may be the case.
but the one person
who was there.
the person that you.
yourself.
said was the most trustworthy.
he told me who he wants.
and it's not you. or Cain.
Funny. isn't it?
- You're making the
biggest mistake.
and you don't even see it.
That empire you spent
30 years building.
you're just opening the gates.
and letting the enemy
come in and just take
whatever they want.
Well done. Mom.
(hand slapping)
- Get out.
(ominous instrumental music)
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
(both sniffing)
- Fuck. man.
(both cheering)
- Good shit.
Whoo. told ya.
best shit there is.
- Better every fucking time.
- Up my game. man. up my game.
(soft instrumental music)
- Were you guys good to
suck each other's dicks?
Why didn't you save me some?
- Sweet baby. Sonya. there is
more than enough to go around.
- All I'm saying. is don't
start the party without me.
I like to pace myself.
- She really does.
- She does?
- You're making all kind
of gains. aren't ya?
- You're the one you said.
"Keep it in the family."
- He's a funny one. isn't he?
He's a funny duck. (quacks)
- Yeah?
(Zane quacking)
- You wanna grab that for me?
- Here. let me hold
it for you baby.
- Yeah?
- Fuck. where do you
get this shit. man?
- Your mother introduced
me to all the suppliers.
all the stash.
How's is she feeling.
is she getting better?
- What the fuck
did you just say?
Why don't you go
ask her yourself?
I'm already doing everything
you fucking want me to.
Stop killing my buzz.
We don't need to
talk about this shit.
- Okay. man.
- Turn that shit up.
- You got it. we got shit to do-
- Turn the shit up. man!
- I'm turning it up. look.
I wanna get the
ball rolling here.
We got some business
to attend to.
(soft instrumental
music continues)
He got moves. huh?
You been teaching
him a thing or two?
(both cheering)
All right. Jonah and the whale!
- You gotta have some other
shit around here. man.
What are you hiding
from me here?
- No. no. no. no. no
don't touch those.
You don't want
those. give 'em back.
- Why is that?
- They'll fuck you up slowly.
and not in a good way.
- Then why do you have 'em?
- Because I'm not in
a good way. (laughs)
These are downers. you idiot.
You want uppers.
You wanna celebrate. elevate.
- What are we
celebrating this time?
- Us. family.
- Family?
- Family.
(ominous instrumental music)
(door knocking)
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
- What the fuck?
- It's not as bad as it looks.
- Well it couldn't
be much worse.
Get your sorry
fucking ass in here.
before your neighbors
think I did it to you.
- You got what I want or not?
- Yeah it's over there.
Come on. shut the door after
you. shut the fucking door.
- Can I come in first?
You want me to lock
it too. princess?
Happy?
- Are you happy?
You know. your mom.
she left a lot of
us out in the cold
with her hiatus bullshit.
- You can't find any other jobs?
- Kid has feet in
a lot of things.
Just getting this shit
was near impossible.
Now. they're all clean.
virtually. totally untraceable.
Now. which one do you want?
- [Caine] All of them.
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
- [Roddy] You could
walk into city hall.
shoot the fuck out of the
place. and those dumb shits
would not know who to trace.
Tell me you're not using
these guns for jobs.
Dude. look. I don't
like him either
but he rolls deep.
do not do this.
- I know what I'm up against.
- Yeah? If you know
what you're up against.
you'll know to just
leave it the fuck alone.
He's got it. uour
mother is recovering.
Your sister and your brother
are fine now just leave it
the fuck alone.
- You want the money or not?
- Yeah.
- Then keep your fucking
opinions to yourself.
and give me the fucking guns.
I didn't come here
for a pep talk.
I came here to do business.
- Look. I don't wanna watch
you do something stupid.
Your mother has made her choice.
I know it sucks. I
don't like it either.
- Then why didn't you
say anything. huh?
I know you hate Zane
just as much as I do.
You've known my
mom for 30 years.
30 fucking years. Roddy.
You stood on the sideline
like a little bitch.
- You know. you've always
had a big mouth kid.
Let me tell you something.
I'm not your brother.
and I'm not your sister.
I don't take that shit from you.
because I will make
what they did to you
look like a fucking cakewalk.
- They already took my brother.
And Becca's out.
And Ma. you know when
she makes a choice.
she becomes a stubborn bitch.
Doesn't change her mind.
The little fucker took what
left I had and ran with it.
This.
this is all I know. Roddy.
And I'm not gonna bend
a fucking knee to him.
and I know you aren't either.
qnd that's why we're doing this.
- I'm asking you take your
stuff and get out now.
I'll keep this. I'll help
you get into your car.
- You don't get it. do you?
When I said. "We're doing this."
I meant we are doing this.
How long has it been. Roddy?
- What are you talking about?
- You know. I remember
hearing it on the news.
I knew something didn't add up.
I know him well too.
If Zane would have been doing
his fucking job that day.
shit would have gone
down differently.
Maybe. if Sabina-
- No. no. no. no.
You never say that word to me.
You're just a fucking
snake like Zane.
except you try to
hide it better.
'cause you know I have
a love for your mother.
and this family. but you're
still a fucking snake.
You use my own blood.
and what happened.
to get me to work with you.
I should just fucking do you
right now. you son of a bitch.
It might stop a lot of
shit that's gonna go down.
- I'd be the happiest boy
in the world right now.
if you pulled that trigger.
but you ain't gonna.
- Getting rid of you?
Oh. that would be
so fucking easy.
- Nate.
That's what I thought.
You ain't gonna.
because of my family.
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
We both know I'm a prick.
that doesn't change anything.
There are lines you don't cross.
You know it and I know it.
Zane doesn't give a fuck.
He'll take any part
of our families.
and use them as pawns in
his little fucking games.
He's already torn yours apart.
and now he's working on mine.
and I can't let that happen.
I know there are times
where it looks like.
I don't give a fuck.
I do half-assed jobs. I show
up late. I rib on Jonah.
But I'd never turn my
back on them. ever!
Because that's my
fucking family.
Now I can't prove it.
but it sure as hell ain't a
coincidence that Zane shows up.
and people start
dying left and right.
and all of a sudden. he
starts rising to the top.
I fucking need you. Roddy.
You can't let this scumbag
end my family. you just can't.
- We're done. now.
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
- I want you to think about
every job that you've done.
every single time that
you've worked with Zane.
just really think about it.
and then you tell
me whether or not
you think I'm lying about him.
(door slamming)
(feet pattering)
(gun firing)
- No. no. no. please.
Please. ah. no. no.
(gun firing)
- (laughs) Nicely done.
- [Jonah] You're
not so bad yourself.
(phone ringing)
- Shit.
Yo. No. no. no. perfect timing.
Yeah. just come up to the
door. and I'll let you in.
Do the secret knock. all right.
- Who the hell was that?
- That's the last
piece of the puzzle.
- Coming here?
You couldn't have
picked a better spot?
- It's the perfect spot.
5-0 doesn't know we're here.
Nobody knows we're here.
These guys certainly don't
know we're fucking here.
- Still. man. I don't
like dicking around after-
- Hey. relax. it'll be quick.
Plus. you already know this guy.
(feet pattering)
- What the fuck. man.
(feet continue pattering)
(clothes rustling)
(feet pattering)
- (laughs) Looks
like we're getting
the band back together.
- Roddy?
- Well. it looks
like you two boys
are having way too much fun.
- What are you doing here?
- I was invited.
- Yeah. I figured we
can't complete our team
without our MVP clean-up
man on the crew.
- Where have you been. man?
- I've been keeping my head
down like everyone else.
- It's about to
get a lot busier.
because we gotta
talk some business.
- Why did you bring me here.
to just go up there.
and clean up that
mess. seriously?
- Think bigger.
- OH you mean you've
got lots of rooms
up there with lots of
bodies and I'm gonna
clean up all of them?
- I'm talking about doing
this full time again.
going all in.
You think the last 30 years
have been good to you?
You ain't seen nothing yet.
- Does Isa want this?
- We all want this.
- Who the fuck is we?
- Her boy. for one.
herself. another.
And I figure a ringing
endorsement from the living
legend himself. could
only seal the deal.
- Oh. right.
You know. you two were
doing so well without me.
What happened?
Don't tell me. of course.
You need that last endorsement.
Then you'll get
it. the holy bible.
- I thought you said
she gave you the bible.
- Basically. she already did.
We're all good.
All I'm doing here
is making sure anyone
who has been loyal
is paid there due.
- Zane. out of all
your wondrous talents.
listening to you
trying to convince me.
is like listening to
a sloppy-assed old
used car salesman
try to sell me something.
- You know I just did
15 people upstairs.
so pardon me if I'm not
speaking eloquently right now.
- Oh. I'm sorry. oh. did
I upset the little boy?
- Come on you're a fucking
numbers guy anyway.
Right. fuck my wordage.
Tell him. Jonah.
I've upped everybody
who's been loyal to Isa
who is now loyal to me.
- Is this right. Zane's
looking after you?
(ominous instrumental music)
- Yeah.
- You haven't seen
much of your family.
since your mother
got ill. have you?
- What are you talking about?
I'm with family right now.
- My boy.
- I guess you want me to
work for you exclusively.
so that I will give this
wonderful endorsement.
- She sees you give
me the thumbs up.
she gives me the
rest of the numbers.
That's all I need.
- You know what?
I need time to digest this.
It's just too much information.
I'll clean up the room upstairs
for you like I said I would.
- Don't you wanna
hear the numbers?
- I'm sure you'll pay
me what it's worth.
Look. I got a lot of shit
in the truck I've gotta
bring in here so I'm gonna
go out and get it. all right?
- Hey. you're
doing a good thing.
It's a good call.
You're on the right team again.
- Yeah. I'll be back.
(Zane laughing)
- We're good to go.
We're golden. you see that?
He's in. right?
- Yeah. I think he's
gonna endorse you.
- (laughs) We're gonna
celebrate tonight.
We're gonna have a party.
My sister is in my
house waiting for you.
- That sounds great.
But I think I'm a bit tired.
I'm probably just
gonna go back home
and pass the fuck out. okay?
- Well. hey. look. if
you change your mind.
we'll be going all night.
- Yeah? You gonna finally
invite my mom over too?
- What's the matter?
You're getting a little
testy there. aren't ya?
- Nah. I'm just a little
out of it right now.
I'm sorry. we'll talk
later. all right?
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
- Well. that was interesting.
(birds chirping)
(door slamming)
- Well if you're
going to stand there.
and stare. do you want to
help me while you're doing it?
- Yeah. sorry.
- So you and Zane. eh?
- I haven't thought it
would happen either.
Didn't think he'd want
me as his right-hand
man out of everybody.
- You ever thought
to ask yourself why?
- It's going good so far.
He's taking good care of
me. Better than I ever was.
- So Zane's now your family?
He's looking after you?
- You know what I mean.
- No. I don't.
- Look. you and I don't
know each other very well.
with you mostly
taking care of all the
shit after-the-fact.
but let me fill you in.
my brother. my sister. they
don't give a fuck about me.
they never did.
So yeah. it feels good
for a change to finally
have somebody who puts me out
on the line for
nothing in return.
- Nothing in return. eh?
You know. he gets
a lot in return.
If you can convince
me to roll over.
and go to Isa and tell her
that he's the one. (laughs)
- Whatever. man.
You do whatever
the fuck you want.
Zane's offering you gold.
and you'd be a dumb
fuck for not taking it.
- Seen your brother lately?
- What did you say?
- It's a simple question.
have you seen Cain lately?
- Not since the
prick ambushed me.
- Well I guess he
learned his lesson then.
Did you happen to
see him after that?
- No.
- So he hasn't tried to
hit you up for anything?
- No. he hasn't.
What the fuck's your point?
- He's alert.
He knows what's going on.
He knows not to fuck
with people in power.
I gotta go.
The boss wants me.
I've gotta do things for him.
You. take care of yourself.
- Fuck.
(birds chirping)
(cars whooshing)
(car beeping)
(engine revving)
(car whooshing)
- That for me.
Mm.
That's good.
(phone ringing)
Jonah?
- Hey. Kenny.
Sorry. I got held up.
What's up with Isa?
- I got the test results back.
It was negative. there's
nothing wrong with her. yeah.
Whoever did it. it
was intentional.
No accident.
It had to be someone close to
her. someone in the circle.
I know.
The best action now is
to keep getting her rest.
and to keep me posted. Let me
know if she needs anything.
(Jonah panting)
(car beeping)
(door slamming)
- [Franklin] Take
in the nose. like.
what's up with that shit?
Hey. let's go.
- Hey.
- What's up.
brother. what's good?
- Hey.
- Y'all ready?
Aye. let's do a
big one right here.
Let's get it.
- Cheers.
- [Franklin] Even
though we did that.
- So why's your brother
hanging out with Jonah so much?
- Yeah. don't tell
me you both actually
like doing jobs with him.
- I told y'all not
to say anything.
- Why don't you two mind
your own fucking business?
Don't forget where you are.
- Don't make us throw
y'all asses out of here.
saying some shit like that.
- Time to bounce.
Did you hear me?
I said get the fuck out of here!
Take your girlfriends.
find a nice view.
maybe roll down a fucking hill!
Get some grass stains.
Go!
- Yo. what happened?
- Do we really gotta go though?
We just ordered hot wings.
- Hot wings?
I wanna be alone!
Don't sit. stand. and then walk.
- Come on. y'all.
- Get the fuck out. go. go!
Fuck.
- You gonna kick me out too?
- Fucking wish I could.
This has nothing to
do with that old fuck.
- Where's Jonah?
- He decided to
take the night off.
- That doesn't sound like him.
- Everybody's acting a
little odd around here.
- Okay. what's going
on. hmm. what is it?
- I lose him. I lose everything.
- What are you
talking about. huh?
What is it?
- Nothing. nothing.
Just thinking out loud. okay?
- You told me once we had
him. the rest would follow.
So what the fuck do I need
to do to unfuck this. huh?
Tell me!
- Keep your legs open.
- Fuck you.
- You little fucking shit.
- How dare you.
Look. I just know how
close we are to this.
And I know how hard you've
been busting your ass.
We just can't give up
right now. we can't.
- I know.
- Okay. then what
are you gonna do?
I need to know the plan.
- Shut up!
- Here. let me-
- I got it!
- Are those Tic Tacs?
- He knows.
(ominous instrumental music)
(guns rustling)
(Becca sighing)
- I'm helping you out.
but then you're on your own.
Cain. do you hear me?
You're going solo.
(guns rustling)
(birds chirping)
(birds continue chirping)
(car whooshing)
(door slamming)
(intense instrumental music)
(door knocking)
(people faintly speaking)
- Mom you there?
- Jonah. what are you-
- Come on. open up!
- Oh my. God. Jonah. it's
two o'clock in the morning.
Can't this wait?
- You weren't picking
up your phone.
We need to talk now.
There's something
you need to know.
- Sweetie. now's
just not a good time.
- No it can't wait. Mom.
- You doing okay. babe?
- Yeah.
Uh. just trying to figure
out what's going on.
- What is going on.
what is going on?
- [Isa] Knock it off.
- What is going on Jonah?
Jonah!
- What are you doing here?
- Why are you here?
Yes. that's a very
good question.
He. uh. he surprised
me and stopped
by. and by the way.
it's about time.
because if it had
been one more day.
I would have had you...
(Isa laughing)
(Zane murmuring)
- Stop it.
- I've been so busy. baby.
I've been so busy.
I just had to make the
time and finally come
and do what's right.
- Okay. knock it off my
son is right here. stop.
- Enough about us.
What are you doing here?
You got any news
to share with us?
- I guess not. we can
talk about it tomorrow.
- Jonah. you look
like you're in shock.
I know this is confusing.
and believe me. I was ready
to break up with
this son of a bitch.
- Who are you calling bitch?
Who are you calling bitch?
- Oh. stop it.
He came over tonight.
and I don't know.
We just worked everything out.
- I'm sorry for
coming over so late.
There are still things we
need to talk about. Mom.
that I think you would
want to know. alone.
- Okay. Jonah.
I'm running around like
crazy tomorrow morning.
but how about you come over
before I go over to
Zane's. does that work?
- What's going down tomorrow?
- Oh I didn't tell him.
- You didn't tell him?
- No. I didn't.
Do you want to tell him?
- Yeah. maybe I
should break the news.
- Okay.
- We're gathering together
in a holy union of sorts.
A proverbial passing
of the bible.
- Is that true. Mom?
- Yeah. We finally
made a decision.
I don't know.
He told me how he's
taking you under his wing.
and you're like a son to him.
It just feels right.
So tomorrow. I'm gonna
give him the business.
and we're gonna
have a little party
at his house to celebrate.
- At his house?
Why don't we have it
here. at your place?
I think it's more fitting.
and Zane is such a gentleman.
I'm sure he'll be okay with it.
- [Isa] That could be good
too. what do you think. honey?
- We'll have a real celebration.
- Okay. honey.
- My sister's setting up
all the chairs at my house.
- It makes so much more
sense to have it here.
I can even bring him
little present tomorrow.
We gotta have all eyes on Zane.
- Okay.
- You deserve it after all.
- Jonah. I think
it's a great idea.
I love the sight of you.
Sweetheart. just go
home and get some rest.
I'll see you tomorrow. okay?
- Mom.
Zane taught me a whole lot.
and it really opened my eyes.
but. remember. don't pass
the bible off tomorrow.
until I get here.
I want to be here when
it all unfolds in person.
So promise me. Mom.
- Honey. I promise.
I don't know why you're
acting like this.
Honey. it's awesome.
Don't worry about
anything. Jonah.
- No matter what. I'll be here.
I don't want to miss it.
- Stop worrying about
everything. it's okay.
- We're a family.
- Aw. yeah. we are.
Jonah. I know a mother's not
supposed to have favorites.
but you've always been mine.
I love you. baby.
- Love you too. Mom.
- Okay.
(both laughing)
See you tomorrow.
Come on. let's go to sleep.
- Night.
- Family.
- [Jonah] Family. motherfucker.
- Bring it.
- I know.
(ominous instrumental music)
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
(upbeat instrumental music)
(people chattering)
(people laughing)
(upbeat instrumental
music continues)
(people cheering)
(upbeat instrumental
music continues)
- Big man.
So what's this I hear about
you getting cozy with Jonah?
- None of your business.
- What you asking us
some shit like that for?
- I don't mean no disrespect
that's just what I heard.
- Wrong question.
- Man. get you're ass
out of here.
What you still doing
standing there?
Get outta here.
- Ladies.
- Can you believe
this motherfucker?
- Hey can we get
on with this shit?
- I told you nothing happens.
until the little prick shows up.
- I still want to gouge that
motherfucker's eyes out.
- Yeah. well. you
may get your chance.
For now. just stay calm.
Ignore everybody here.
I think he's bluffing.
- And what if he's not?
- We got it anyway.
- Got what?
- Chicken wings.
Get ready.
- It's time to eat.
- Isa.
- Oh. Ken. you came.
- How are you feeling?
- Honestly? Better than ever.
- That makes me feel so good.
Listen. is there some place you.
and I can talk in private?
- Well. we can
talk in the house.
What is it. is it about work?
- It's business-related.
I just have something
to talk to you about.
It's really-
- May I have this dance?
- I don't hear any music.
- Well. let's make some.
(Isa laughing)
- You see why I like
him. this man's nice.
- So romantic.
- [Isa] He is romantic.
- What's up. Doc?
- Zane.
- [Zane] Thanks for coming.
- I wouldn't miss a
moment like this. would I?
I've known you guys. well Isa.
for a very. very long time
- Okay. what did
you want to say.
before the man of the hour
rudely interrupted us?
- Oh you're blaming me now?
- I blame you for everything.
Everything that happens you're
gonna be in trouble for it.
(all laughing)
- What did I get into?
- Okay. but really.
what is it Kenny?
- Yeah. I think your
mouth was moving.
and something was trying
to come out but I don't
know what it was.
(both laughing)
- I just wanted to
check in on you.
Yeah. that's all.
And I can see you're
perfectly back to normal.
Right?
- Yes. I feel great.
- Great. it's okay.
I don't know why I
made such a big deal
out of saying that.
(all laughing)
Oh. man.
- I don't know what's going on.
- [Kenny] Oh. I'm so glad
you're feeling better.
- Oh. look who it is.
- Oh. Jonah. dear.
Oh. go get him. okay?
- It's almost time.
- Yeah.
(Zane scoffing)
- I don't know why
he's acting like that.
He's acting a little crazy.
He must just be
nervous or something.
- Must be. yeah.
- Excuse me.
- I bet.
- Jonah. there he
is. glad you made it.
- I've got nothing
to say to you.
- Fair enough.
Whatever it is you're
thinking about doing. don't.
It's not worth it. son.
Whatever you think you
know. you don't know shit.
It's a mistake.
You know what we
do with mistakes?
We make mistakes.
and we move on.
(laughs) Look at your mother.
She's happy. I'm
happy. end of story.
- You can't take back
what you've already done.
- Hey. baby. where
you been. huh?
- Do you think I'm stupid?
- What?
- You were in on
it the whole time.
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
- And you weren't even
that good of a fuck.
Stay the hell away
from me and my family.
(people chattering)
(people continue chattering)
- Everybody gather.
I know this was
very short notice
so a lot of people
couldn't make it.
Thank you to those
who showed up.
It shows a lot of respect.
Now if only you
could have showed
up to your jobs on time when
I was actually doing this.
(everyone laughing)
About a month ago. I
came to the realization
it was time to pass the torch.
and I can't think of anyone
more deserving than Zane.
He walked into my life
a couple years ago.
and proved to me that not
all men deserve a bullet
between the eyes.
(everyone laughing)
Come up here. baby.
I'm not just giving
you my contacts today.
I'm giving you my
trust and my blessings.
because I love you.
- I love you.
- [Crowd] Aw.
(crowd cheering)
- [Zane] What the fuck is that?
- That's what got you sick. Mom.
Only it was meant to kill you.
and the guy right next to
you is the one who did it.
- See this is why
bars card minors.
Maybe you should lay
off the adult beverages.
Mickey. Franklin. why
don't you take Jonah
out front and give
him some fresh air?
- Don't you touch my son.
(intense instrumental music)
- Is this true?
- No.
Come on. they're
on fucking drugs.
They're out of
their fucking minds.
- You know. I knew you'd
say something like that.
So don't even take
my word for it.
Ask Kenny.
Kenny. was that the
drug that was used
to try to take out my mom?
- It was.
- Come on. you gonna believe
some fucking pill-popping
doctor feel-good. huh?
They're framing me!
They're jealous.
This is envy.
- All you ever wanted. was
to take over the business.
That was your plan
the whole time.
You tried to flip the
switch. and it almost worked.
And then you tried to use me.
You even had your
own sister fuck me
to try to get me to endorse you.
It was a good fucking
try. I'll give you that.
But you're not family. and
you never fucking will be.
I'll let my mom decide what
she's gonna do with you now.
but you're not getting
shit she's built.
You're finished.
- Honey. listen to
me. this isn't true.
I would never do this.
you gotta believe me.
Please. you're my wife.
I would never do this.
- I'm not your fucking
wife. you bastard!
Get the fuck out of my house!
- You're fucking
crazy. all of you!
You don't even know
what you're losing.
- Get the fuck out of here.
- When I said to
drop it. I meant it.
Kill 'em all!
- Fuck.
(people screaming)
(guns firing)
(people continue screaming)
(guns continue firing)
(intense instrumental music)
- Please get up.
please get up. please!
(intense instrumental
music continues)
- Mom!
(guns firing)
- No!
Die. bitch.
(gun firing)
Oh. God. Jonah.
(intense instrumental music)
- [Zane] Motherfuckers.
(guns firing)
(Zane groaning)
(Caine screaming)
- Fuck.
(guns firing)
(intense instrumental
music continues)
(guns firing)
(gun clicking)
- Okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Can you hear me?
Jonah?
Just hold on a little bit.
Oh. Jonah. please hold on.
Oh. God. no!
My baby.
My little baby.
Oh. my baby.
Oh. God. no.
(intense instrumental music)
(men grunting)
(hits thudding)
(intense instrumental
music continues)
(men continue grunting)
(hits continue thudding)
(intense instrumental music)
- Any last words?
- Nice tux.
- Save it.
It's a rental.
- Don't do it.
- Isa. help me.
- I don't think so.
- I wasn't trying to kill you.
- What did you want?
- I just wanted you to need me.
- Oh fuck off.
Rot in hell. baby.
- No.
(gun firing)
(birds chirping)
(birds continue chirping)
(soft instrumental music)
(soft instrumental
music continues)
- Hey.
(soft instrumental
music continues)
So many times you weren't
there when I needed you.
But you're here when
I needed you the most.
Thank you.
(soft instrumental
music continues)
Cain.
Let's go home.
(soft instrumental
music continues)
(suspenseful instrumental
(suspenseful
instrumental music fades)
(ominous instrumental music)
(ominous instrumental
music continues)
music fades)